How much you study in college directly affects how well you do, unless
you're a genius and unless this stuff really comes easy to you. Then
you're supposed to put in the amount of effort that you're supposed
to, right? For a four unit class, you're supposed to put in four hours
for every unit that you take. So a four unit class means that's
sixteen hours of work. An eight unit class is supposed to be thirty
two hours of work, at least for graduate school. So in general, for
undergraduate, you're supposed to put in, regardless of what your unit
state, if you're a full time student, you're supposed to put in
40 hours of standard work. Sometimes I did less, and my grades show
that. Sometimes I did a lot more, and my grades still showed me that
I was still an average student. But the point is that the more you
work, the better you're supposed to do.